README.md, before:

# tf-azurerm-module_primitive-key_vault

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![License: CC BY-NC-ND 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC_BY--NC--ND_4.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)

## Overview

This terraform module creates a `key vault` in `azure` cloud provider. The module is designed to be used as a `primitive` in a `collection` or `reference architecture` module.

## Pre-Commit hooks

[.pre-commit-config.yaml](.pre-commit-config.yaml) file defines certain `pre-commit` hooks that are relevant to terraform, golang and common linting tasks. There are no custom hooks added.

`commitlint` hook enforces commit message in certain format. The commit contains the following structural elements, to communicate intent to the consumers of your commit messages:

- **fix**: a commit of the type `fix` patches a bug in your codebase (this correlates with PATCH in Semantic Versioning).
- **feat**: a commit of the type `feat` introduces a new feature to the codebase (this correlates with MINOR in Semantic Versioning).
- **BREAKING CHANGE**: a commit that has a footer `BREAKING CHANGE:`, or appends a `!` after the type/scope, introduces a breaking API change (correlating with MAJOR in Semantic Versioning). A BREAKING CHANGE can be part of commits of any type.
  footers other than BREAKING CHANGE: <description> may be provided and follow a convention similar to git trailer format.
- **build**: a commit of the type `build` adds changes that affect the build system or external dependencies (example scopes: gulp, broccoli, npm)
- **chore**: a commit of the type `chore` adds changes that don't modify src or test files
- **ci**: a commit of the type `ci` adds changes to our CI configuration files and scripts (example scopes: Travis, Circle, BrowserStack, SauceLabs)
- **docs**: a commit of the type `docs` adds documentation only changes
- **perf**: a commit of the type `perf` adds code change that improves performance
- **refactor**: a commit of the type `refactor` adds code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature
- **revert**: a commit of the type `revert` reverts a previous commit
- **style**: a commit of the type `style` adds code changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc)
- **test**: a commit of the type `test` adds missing tests or correcting existing tests

Base configuration used for this project is [commitlint-config-conventional (based on the Angular convention)](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint/tree/master/@commitlint/config-conventional#type-enum)

If you are a developer using vscode, [this](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=joshbolduc.commitlint) plugin may be helpful.

`detect-secrets-hook` prevents new secrets from being introduced into the baseline. TODO: INSERT DOC LINK ABOUT HOOKS

In order for `pre-commit` hooks to work properly

- You need to have the pre-commit package manager installed. [Here](https://pre-commit.com/#install) are the installation instructions.
- `pre-commit` would install all the hooks when commit message is added by default except for `commitlint` hook. `commitlint` hook would need to be installed manually using the command below

```
pre-commit install --hook-type commit-msg
```

## To test the resource group module locally

1. For development/enhancements to this module locally, you'll need to install all of its components. This is controlled by the `configure` target in the project's [`Makefile`](./Makefile). Before you can run `configure`, familiarize yourself with the variables in the `Makefile` and ensure they're pointing to the right places.

```
make configure
```

This adds in several files and directories that are ignored by `git`. They expose many new Make targets.

2. _THIS STEP APPLIES ONLY TO MICROSOFT AZURE. IF YOU ARE USING A DIFFERENT PLATFORM PLEASE SKIP THIS STEP._ The first target you care about is `env`. This is the common interface for setting up environment variables. The values of the environment variables will be used to authenticate with cloud provider from local development workstation.

`make configure` command will bring down `azure_env.sh` file on local workstation. Devloper would need to modify this file, replace the environment variable values with relevant values.

These environment variables are used by `terratest` integration suit.

Service principle used for authentication(value of ARM_CLIENT_ID) should have below privileges on resource group within the subscription.

```
"Microsoft.Resources/subscriptions/resourceGroups/write"
"Microsoft.Resources/subscriptions/resourceGroups/read"
"Microsoft.Resources/subscriptions/resourceGroups/delete"
```

Then run this make target to set the environment variables on developer workstation.

```
make env
```

3. The first target you care about is `check`.

**Pre-requisites**
Before running this target it is important to ensure that, developer has created files mentioned below on local workstation under root directory of git repository that contains code for primitives/segments. Note that these files are `azure` specific. If primitive/segment under development uses any other cloud provider than azure, this section may not be relevant.

- A file named `provider.tf` with contents below

```
provider "azurerm" {
  features {}
}
```

- A file named `terraform.tfvars` which contains key value pair of variables used.

Note that since these files are added in `gitignore` they would not be checked in into primitive/segment's git repo.

After creating these files, for running tests associated with the primitive/segment, run

```
make check
```

If `make check` target is successful, developer is good to commit the code to primitive/segment's git repo.

`make check` target

- runs `terraform commands` to `lint`,`validate` and `plan` terraform code.
- runs `conftests`. `conftests` make sure `policy` checks are successful.
- runs `terratest`. This is integration test suit.
- runs `opa` tests
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.5.0, <= 1.5.5 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | ~>3.67 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | 3.67.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_key_vault.key_vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/key_vault) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_certificate.certs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/key_vault_certificate) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_key.vault_keys](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/key_vault_key) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.vault_secrets](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_client_config.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_resource_group"></a> [resource\_group](#input\_resource\_group) | target resource group resource mask | <pre>object({<br>    name     = string<br>    location = string<br>  })</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_key_vault_name"></a> [key\_vault\_name](#input\_key\_vault\_name) | Name of the key vault | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_enabled_for_deployment"></a> [enabled\_for\_deployment](#input\_enabled\_for\_deployment) | If Azure VM is permitted to retrieve secrets | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enabled_for_template_deployment"></a> [enabled\_for\_template\_deployment](#input\_enabled\_for\_template\_deployment) | If Azure RM is permitted to retrieve secrets | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_soft_delete_retention_days"></a> [soft\_delete\_retention\_days](#input\_soft\_delete\_retention\_days) | Number of retention days for soft delete | `number` | `7` | no |
| <a name="input_purge_protection_enabled"></a> [purge\_protection\_enabled](#input\_purge\_protection\_enabled) | If purge\_protection is enabled | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_sku_name"></a> [sku\_name](#input\_sku\_name) | SKU for the key vault - standard or premium | `string` | `"standard"` | no |
| <a name="input_custom_tags"></a> [custom\_tags](#input\_custom\_tags) | Custom tags for the Key vault | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_access_policies"></a> [access\_policies](#input\_access\_policies) | Additional Access policies for the vault except the current user which are added by default | <pre>map(object({<br>    object_id               = string<br>    tenant_id               = string<br>    key_permissions         = list(string)<br>    certificate_permissions = list(string)<br>    secret_permissions      = list(string)<br>    storage_permissions     = list(string)<br>  }))</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_rbac_authorization"></a> [enable\_rbac\_authorization](#input\_enable\_rbac\_authorization) | Enable RBAC authorization for the key vault | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_certificates"></a> [certificates](#input\_certificates) | List of certificates to be imported. The pfx files should be present in the root of the module (path.root) and its name denoted as certificate\_name | <pre>map(object({<br>    certificate_name = string<br>    password         = string<br>  }))</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_secrets"></a> [secrets](#input\_secrets) | List of secrets (name and value) | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_keys"></a> [keys](#input\_keys) | List of keys to be created in key vault. Name of the key is the key of the map | <pre>map(object({<br>    key_type = string<br>    key_size = number<br>    key_opts = list(string)<br>  }))</pre> | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_key_vault_id"></a> [key\_vault\_id](#output\_key\_vault\_id) | n/a |
| <a name="output_vault_uri"></a> [vault\_uri](#output\_vault\_uri) | n/a |
| <a name="output_access_policies_object_ids"></a> [access\_policies\_object\_ids](#output\_access\_policies\_object\_ids) | n/a |
| <a name="output_key_vault_name"></a> [key\_vault\_name](#output\_key\_vault\_name) | n/a |
| <a name="output_certificate_ids"></a> [certificate\_ids](#output\_certificate\_ids) | n/a |
| <a name="output_secret_ids"></a> [secret\_ids](#output\_secret\_ids) | n/a |
| <a name="output_key_ids"></a> [key\_ids](#output\_key\_ids) | n/a |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

Feature/network settings (#4)
Co-authored-by: Aarti Joshi <aarti.joshi@nttdata.com>

README.md, after:

# tf-azurerm-module_primitive-key_vault

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![License: CC BY-NC-ND 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC_BY--NC--ND_4.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)

## Overview

This terraform module creates a `key vault` in `azure` cloud provider. The module is designed to be used as a `primitive` in a `collection` or `reference architecture` module.

## Pre-Commit hooks

[.pre-commit-config.yaml](.pre-commit-config.yaml) file defines certain `pre-commit` hooks that are relevant to terraform, golang and common linting tasks. There are no custom hooks added.

`commitlint` hook enforces commit message in certain format. The commit contains the following structural elements, to communicate intent to the consumers of your commit messages:

- **fix**: a commit of the type `fix` patches a bug in your codebase (this correlates with PATCH in Semantic Versioning).
- **feat**: a commit of the type `feat` introduces a new feature to the codebase (this correlates with MINOR in Semantic Versioning).
- **BREAKING CHANGE**: a commit that has a footer `BREAKING CHANGE:`, or appends a `!` after the type/scope, introduces a breaking API change (correlating with MAJOR in Semantic Versioning). A BREAKING CHANGE can be part of commits of any type.
  footers other than BREAKING CHANGE: <description> may be provided and follow a convention similar to git trailer format.
- **build**: a commit of the type `build` adds changes that affect the build system or external dependencies (example scopes: gulp, broccoli, npm)
- **chore**: a commit of the type `chore` adds changes that don't modify src or test files
- **ci**: a commit of the type `ci` adds changes to our CI configuration files and scripts (example scopes: Travis, Circle, BrowserStack, SauceLabs)
- **docs**: a commit of the type `docs` adds documentation only changes
- **perf**: a commit of the type `perf` adds code change that improves performance
- **refactor**: a commit of the type `refactor` adds code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature
- **revert**: a commit of the type `revert` reverts a previous commit
- **style**: a commit of the type `style` adds code changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc)
- **test**: a commit of the type `test` adds missing tests or correcting existing tests

Base configuration used for this project is [commitlint-config-conventional (based on the Angular convention)](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint/tree/master/@commitlint/config-conventional#type-enum)

If you are a developer using vscode, [this](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=joshbolduc.commitlint) plugin may be helpful.

`detect-secrets-hook` prevents new secrets from being introduced into the baseline. TODO: INSERT DOC LINK ABOUT HOOKS

In order for `pre-commit` hooks to work properly

- You need to have the pre-commit package manager installed. [Here](https://pre-commit.com/#install) are the installation instructions.
- `pre-commit` would install all the hooks when commit message is added by default except for `commitlint` hook. `commitlint` hook would need to be installed manually using the command below

```
pre-commit install --hook-type commit-msg
```

## To test the resource group module locally

1. For development/enhancements to this module locally, you'll need to install all of its components. This is controlled by the `configure` target in the project's [`Makefile`](./Makefile). Before you can run `configure`, familiarize yourself with the variables in the `Makefile` and ensure they're pointing to the right places.

```
make configure
```

This adds in several files and directories that are ignored by `git`. They expose many new Make targets.

2. _THIS STEP APPLIES ONLY TO MICROSOFT AZURE. IF YOU ARE USING A DIFFERENT PLATFORM PLEASE SKIP THIS STEP._ The first target you care about is `env`. This is the common interface for setting up environment variables. The values of the environment variables will be used to authenticate with cloud provider from local development workstation.

`make configure` command will bring down `azure_env.sh` file on local workstation. Devloper would need to modify this file, replace the environment variable values with relevant values.

These environment variables are used by `terratest` integration suit.

Service principle used for authentication(value of ARM_CLIENT_ID) should have below privileges on resource group within the subscription.

```
"Microsoft.Resources/subscriptions/resourceGroups/write"
"Microsoft.Resources/subscriptions/resourceGroups/read"
"Microsoft.Resources/subscriptions/resourceGroups/delete"
```

Then run this make target to set the environment variables on developer workstation.

```
make env
```

3. The first target you care about is `check`.

**Pre-requisites**
Before running this target it is important to ensure that, developer has created files mentioned below on local workstation under root directory of git repository that contains code for primitives/segments. Note that these files are `azure` specific. If primitive/segment under development uses any other cloud provider than azure, this section may not be relevant.

- A file named `provider.tf` with contents below

```
provider "azurerm" {
  features {}
}
```

- A file named `terraform.tfvars` which contains key value pair of variables used.

Note that since these files are added in `gitignore` they would not be checked in into primitive/segment's git repo.

After creating these files, for running tests associated with the primitive/segment, run

```
make check
```

If `make check` target is successful, developer is good to commit the code to primitive/segment's git repo.

`make check` target

- runs `terraform commands` to `lint`,`validate` and `plan` terraform code.
- runs `conftests`. `conftests` make sure `policy` checks are successful.
- runs `terratest`. This is integration test suit.
- runs `opa` tests
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.5.0, <= 1.5.5 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | ~>3.67 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | 3.100.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_key_vault.key_vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/key_vault) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_certificate.certs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/key_vault_certificate) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_key.vault_keys](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/key_vault_key) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.vault_secrets](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_client_config.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_resource_group"></a> [resource\_group](#input\_resource\_group) | target resource group resource mask | <pre>object({<br>    name     = string<br>    location = string<br>  })</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_key_vault_name"></a> [key\_vault\_name](#input\_key\_vault\_name) | Name of the key vault | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_enabled_for_deployment"></a> [enabled\_for\_deployment](#input\_enabled\_for\_deployment) | If Azure VM is permitted to retrieve secrets | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enabled_for_template_deployment"></a> [enabled\_for\_template\_deployment](#input\_enabled\_for\_template\_deployment) | If Azure RM is permitted to retrieve secrets | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_soft_delete_retention_days"></a> [soft\_delete\_retention\_days](#input\_soft\_delete\_retention\_days) | Number of retention days for soft delete | `number` | `7` | no |
| <a name="input_purge_protection_enabled"></a> [purge\_protection\_enabled](#input\_purge\_protection\_enabled) | If purge\_protection is enabled | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_sku_name"></a> [sku\_name](#input\_sku\_name) | SKU for the key vault - standard or premium | `string` | `"standard"` | no |
| <a name="input_custom_tags"></a> [custom\_tags](#input\_custom\_tags) | Custom tags for the Key vault | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_access_policies"></a> [access\_policies](#input\_access\_policies) | Additional Access policies for the vault except the current user which are added by default | <pre>map(object({<br>    object_id               = string<br>    tenant_id               = string<br>    key_permissions         = list(string)<br>    certificate_permissions = list(string)<br>    secret_permissions      = list(string)<br>    storage_permissions     = list(string)<br>  }))</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_rbac_authorization"></a> [enable\_rbac\_authorization](#input\_enable\_rbac\_authorization) | Enable RBAC authorization for the key vault | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_network_acls"></a> [network\_acls](#input\_network\_acls) | Network ACLs for the key vault | <pre>object({<br>    bypass                     = string<br>    default_action             = string<br>    ip_rules                   = optional(list(string))<br>    virtual_network_subnet_ids = optional(list(string))<br>  })</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "bypass": "AzureServices",<br>  "default_action": "Allow",<br>  "ip_rules": [],<br>  "virtual_network_subnet_ids": []<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_public_network_access_enabled"></a> [public\_network\_access\_enabled](#input\_public\_network\_access\_enabled) | (Optional) Whether public network access is allowed for this Key Vault. Defaults to true. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_certificates"></a> [certificates](#input\_certificates) | List of certificates to be imported. If `filepath` is specified then the pfx files should be present in the root of the module (path.root). If `content` is specified then the content of the certificate should be provided in base 64 encoded format. Only one of them should be provided. | <pre>map(object({<br>    contents = optional(string)<br>    filepath = optional(string)<br>    password = string<br>  }))</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_secrets"></a> [secrets](#input\_secrets) | List of secrets (name and value) | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_keys"></a> [keys](#input\_keys) | List of keys to be created in key vault. Name of the key is the key of the map | <pre>map(object({<br>    key_type = string<br>    key_size = number<br>    key_opts = list(string)<br>  }))</pre> | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_key_vault_id"></a> [key\_vault\_id](#output\_key\_vault\_id) | n/a |
| <a name="output_vault_uri"></a> [vault\_uri](#output\_vault\_uri) | n/a |
| <a name="output_access_policies_object_ids"></a> [access\_policies\_object\_ids](#output\_access\_policies\_object\_ids) | n/a |
| <a name="output_key_vault_name"></a> [key\_vault\_name](#output\_key\_vault\_name) | n/a |
| <a name="output_certificate_ids"></a> [certificate\_ids](#output\_certificate\_ids) | n/a |
| <a name="output_secret_ids"></a> [secret\_ids](#output\_secret\_ids) | n/a |
| <a name="output_key_ids"></a> [key\_ids](#output\_key\_ids) | n/a |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
