examples/complete/README.md, before:

# complete

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.5.0, <= 1.5.5 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | ~>3.67 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | 3.97.1 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_resource_names"></a> [resource\_names](#module\_resource\_names) | git::https://github.com/launchbynttdata/tf-launch-module_library-resource_name.git | 1.0.0 |
| <a name="module_resource_group"></a> [resource\_group](#module\_resource\_group) | git::https://github.com/launchbynttdata/tf-azurerm-module_primitive-resource_group.git | 1.0.0 |
| <a name="module_key_vault"></a> [key\_vault](#module\_key\_vault) | ../.. | n/a |
| <a name="module_key_vault_role_assignment"></a> [key\_vault\_role\_assignment](#module\_key\_vault\_role\_assignment) | git::https://github.com/launchbynttdata/tf-azurerm-module_primitive-role_assignment.git | 1.0.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_client_config.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_product_family"></a> [product\_family](#input\_product\_family) | (Required) Name of the product family for which the resource is created.<br>    Example: org\_name, department\_name. | `string` | `"dso"` | no |
| <a name="input_product_service"></a> [product\_service](#input\_product\_service) | (Required) Name of the product service for which the resource is created.<br>    For example, backend, frontend, middleware etc. | `string` | `"kube"` | no |
| <a name="input_environment"></a> [environment](#input\_environment) | Environment in which the resource should be provisioned like dev, qa, prod etc. | `string` | `"dev"` | no |
| <a name="input_environment_number"></a> [environment\_number](#input\_environment\_number) | The environment count for the respective environment. Defaults to 000. Increments in value of 1 | `string` | `"000"` | no |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | AWS Region in which the infra needs to be provisioned | `string` | `"eastus"` | no |
| <a name="input_resource_names_map"></a> [resource\_names\_map](#input\_resource\_names\_map) | A map of key to resource\_name that will be used by tf-launch-module\_library-resource\_name to generate resource names | <pre>map(object(<br>    {<br>      name       = string<br>      max_length = optional(number, 60)<br>    }<br>  ))</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "kv": {<br>    "max_length": 24,<br>    "name": "kv"<br>  },<br>  "msi": {<br>    "max_length": 60,<br>    "name": "msi"<br>  },<br>  "rg": {<br>    "max_length": 60,<br>    "name": "rg"<br>  }<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_sku_name"></a> [sku\_name](#input\_sku\_name) | SKU for the key vault - standard or premium | `string` | `"standard"` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Custom tags for the Key vault | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_access_policies"></a> [access\_policies](#input\_access\_policies) | Additional Access policies for the vault except the current user which are added by default | <pre>map(object({<br>    object_id               = string<br>    tenant_id               = string<br>    key_permissions         = list(string)<br>    certificate_permissions = list(string)<br>    secret_permissions      = list(string)<br>    storage_permissions     = list(string)<br>  }))</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_rbac_authorization"></a> [enable\_rbac\_authorization](#input\_enable\_rbac\_authorization) | Enable RBAC authorization for the key vault | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_certificates"></a> [certificates](#input\_certificates) | List of certificates to be imported. The pfx files should be present in the root of the module (path.root) and its name denoted as certificate\_name | <pre>map(object({<br>    certificate_name = string<br>    password         = string<br>  }))</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_secrets"></a> [secrets](#input\_secrets) | List of secrets (name and value) | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_keys"></a> [keys](#input\_keys) | List of keys to be created in key vault. Name of the key is the key of the map | <pre>map(object({<br>    key_type = string<br>    key_size = number<br>    key_opts = list(string)<br>  }))</pre> | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_key_vault_id"></a> [key\_vault\_id](#output\_key\_vault\_id) | n/a |
| <a name="output_vault_uri"></a> [vault\_uri](#output\_vault\_uri) | n/a |
| <a name="output_access_policies_object_ids"></a> [access\_policies\_object\_ids](#output\_access\_policies\_object\_ids) | n/a |
| <a name="output_key_vault_name"></a> [key\_vault\_name](#output\_key\_vault\_name) | n/a |
| <a name="output_certificate_ids"></a> [certificate\_ids](#output\_certificate\_ids) | n/a |
| <a name="output_secret_ids"></a> [secret\_ids](#output\_secret\_ids) | n/a |
| <a name="output_key_ids"></a> [key\_ids](#output\_key\_ids) | n/a |
| <a name="output_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#output\_resource\_group\_name) | n/a |
| <a name="output_resource_group_id"></a> [resource\_group\_id](#output\_resource\_group\_id) | n/a |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

Change variable format for the certificates

examples/complete/README.md, after:

# complete

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.5.0, <= 1.5.5 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | ~>3.67 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | 3.100.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_resource_names"></a> [resource\_names](#module\_resource\_names) | git::https://github.com/launchbynttdata/tf-launch-module_library-resource_name.git | 1.0.0 |
| <a name="module_resource_group"></a> [resource\_group](#module\_resource\_group) | git::https://github.com/launchbynttdata/tf-azurerm-module_primitive-resource_group.git | 1.0.0 |
| <a name="module_key_vault"></a> [key\_vault](#module\_key\_vault) | ../.. | n/a |
| <a name="module_key_vault_role_assignment"></a> [key\_vault\_role\_assignment](#module\_key\_vault\_role\_assignment) | git::https://github.com/launchbynttdata/tf-azurerm-module_primitive-role_assignment.git | 1.0.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_client_config.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_product_family"></a> [product\_family](#input\_product\_family) | (Required) Name of the product family for which the resource is created.<br>    Example: org\_name, department\_name. | `string` | `"dso"` | no |
| <a name="input_product_service"></a> [product\_service](#input\_product\_service) | (Required) Name of the product service for which the resource is created.<br>    For example, backend, frontend, middleware etc. | `string` | `"kube"` | no |
| <a name="input_environment"></a> [environment](#input\_environment) | Environment in which the resource should be provisioned like dev, qa, prod etc. | `string` | `"dev"` | no |
| <a name="input_environment_number"></a> [environment\_number](#input\_environment\_number) | The environment count for the respective environment. Defaults to 000. Increments in value of 1 | `string` | `"000"` | no |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | AWS Region in which the infra needs to be provisioned | `string` | `"eastus"` | no |
| <a name="input_resource_names_map"></a> [resource\_names\_map](#input\_resource\_names\_map) | A map of key to resource\_name that will be used by tf-launch-module\_library-resource\_name to generate resource names | <pre>map(object(<br>    {<br>      name       = string<br>      max_length = optional(number, 60)<br>    }<br>  ))</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "kv": {<br>    "max_length": 24,<br>    "name": "kv"<br>  },<br>  "msi": {<br>    "max_length": 60,<br>    "name": "msi"<br>  },<br>  "rg": {<br>    "max_length": 60,<br>    "name": "rg"<br>  }<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_sku_name"></a> [sku\_name](#input\_sku\_name) | SKU for the key vault - standard or premium | `string` | `"standard"` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Custom tags for the Key vault | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_access_policies"></a> [access\_policies](#input\_access\_policies) | Additional Access policies for the vault except the current user which are added by default | <pre>map(object({<br>    object_id               = string<br>    tenant_id               = string<br>    key_permissions         = list(string)<br>    certificate_permissions = list(string)<br>    secret_permissions      = list(string)<br>    storage_permissions     = list(string)<br>  }))</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_rbac_authorization"></a> [enable\_rbac\_authorization](#input\_enable\_rbac\_authorization) | Enable RBAC authorization for the key vault | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_certificates"></a> [certificates](#input\_certificates) | List of certificates to be imported. If `filepath` is specified then the pfx files should be present in the root of the module (path.root). If `content` is specified then the content of the certificate should be provided in base 64 encoded format. Only one of them should be provided. | <pre>map(object({<br>    contents = optional(string)<br>    filepath = optional(string)<br>    password = string<br>  }))</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_secrets"></a> [secrets](#input\_secrets) | List of secrets (name and value) | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_keys"></a> [keys](#input\_keys) | List of keys to be created in key vault. Name of the key is the key of the map | <pre>map(object({<br>    key_type = string<br>    key_size = number<br>    key_opts = list(string)<br>  }))</pre> | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_key_vault_id"></a> [key\_vault\_id](#output\_key\_vault\_id) | n/a |
| <a name="output_vault_uri"></a> [vault\_uri](#output\_vault\_uri) | n/a |
| <a name="output_access_policies_object_ids"></a> [access\_policies\_object\_ids](#output\_access\_policies\_object\_ids) | n/a |
| <a name="output_key_vault_name"></a> [key\_vault\_name](#output\_key\_vault\_name) | n/a |
| <a name="output_certificate_ids"></a> [certificate\_ids](#output\_certificate\_ids) | n/a |
| <a name="output_secret_ids"></a> [secret\_ids](#output\_secret\_ids) | n/a |
| <a name="output_key_ids"></a> [key\_ids](#output\_key\_ids) | n/a |
| <a name="output_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#output\_resource\_group\_name) | n/a |
| <a name="output_resource_group_id"></a> [resource\_group\_id](#output\_resource\_group\_id) | n/a |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
